ultra difficult to use,
but oftentimes you don't
need the instructions. You
can just use a
workflow. All right, but
I wanted to call
this out. These are
two distinct patterns. And
especially when we start
talking about system prompts
versus user prompts, you're
going to see that
the instructions are going
to be a lot
more valuable for your
system prompt versus your
workflow. When you're writing
these reusable agentic prompts,
this of course is
going to be a
lot more useful for
the actual play by
play that you want
your agent to run
in a repeat fashion.
We have the prime
tier list. Okay. And
I just want to
show this off. We
have one additional section